ARGUMENTS
directory - directory containing the Samsung Accelerometer data, defaults to working directory.

VARIABLE NAMES
features - result of running the read.table function on the "features.txt" file
testraw - result of running the read.table funtion on the "X_test.txt" file in the 'test' sub-directory
ytest - data frame containing the activity ids from the "y_test.txt" file
subjecttest - data frame containing the subject ids from the "subject_test.txt" file
trainraw - result of running the read.table function on the "X_train.txt" file
ytrain - data frame containing the activity ids from the "y_train.txt" file
subjecttrain - data frame containing the subject ids from the "subject_train.txt" file
subjectall - the combination of the subjecttest and the subjecttrain datasets using rbind
yall - the combination of the ytest and train datasets using rbind
allraw - the result of the rbind function on the testraw and trainraw
allwanted - a subset of allraw which only includes the data regarding standard deviation and mean
allfinal - the result of the cbind function on the subjectall, yall, and allwanted datasets
melt - a reshaping of the allfinal dataset in order to allow for the mean calculations by subject/activity and variable
subjectmeans - a dcast of 'melt' by subject and variable
activitymeans - a dcast of 'melt' by activity and variable
meanstable - a cbind of the subjectmeans and activitymeans data frames

FUNCTION STEPS
1. Sets working directory to the assigned directory using the 'directory' argument
2. Reads necessary files from the directory using the read.table function
3. Adds descriptive variable names to the subject and activity data sets
4. Assigns descriptive activity names in place of id numbers in the activity data set
5. Combines the test and train data sets in all the raw data, subject data, and activity data using the rbind function
6. Uses the cbind function to merge the raw, subject, and activity data into one data frame
7. Takes a subset of the previous data frame extracting only data regarding means and standard deviations, this data frame will be found in the global environment and will be called 'allfinal'
8. Uses the reshape2 package to reshape the data and summarize with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject
9. Returns the dataset from step 8, this will also be found in the global environment called 'meanstable'
